# sign-up-form
A simple sign-up form utilizing HTML and CSS for now. This project is intended to help reinforce my new knowledge of HTML forms as well as the CSS pseudo classes and elements which can be applied to them.

As the first project of The Odin Project's "Intermediate HTML and CSS Course," this project aims to help me practice and become more comfortable with everything that I've learned so far. Since this project is pretty far down in the course (more than halfway completed!), there remains many new foundations and information that haven't been properly absorbed yet. Things like Emmet, a VSCode plug-in for writing HTML and CSS, to HTML forms and more advanced CSS properties are just some of the many things that I have learned in this course. My hope is that by the end of the project I can utilize the new techniques and tools I have learned while building upon my established knowledge at the same time.

As this is my second time completing the The Odin Project, it was no wonder why I have made a lot of progress in a short amount of time. Comparing this to my first go at this, most of these lessons were more a refresher to me. However, there are some areas where I have almost forgotten everything because I didn't practice after learning them. I had a little experiencing using the basics of Emmet, SVG, and custom fonts, but only scratched the surface with them. In this go-around, I seek to experiment more with what I have learned and make it a habit to refer back to my new knowledge rather than moving on to the next cool thing like I used to do. I aspire to become a master in everything I do, and for coding/programming it means actually experimenting and doing things with my knowledge.

This form, while a simple one, can be quite deceiving. Forms are notorious for being one of the most simplistic yet complicated element of a webpage. It is simple to learn but difficult to master. Some form controls are inherently hard or impossible to style and any complex validation will need the use of Javascript to make it more interactive and detailed. Along with the fact that each browser has their own idea of how to style fonts (AKA User Agent Styling), you have a whole lot on your plate to even create a simple yet effective font on your website. On top of that, forms need to be stupid simple so the users won't get frustrated or quit. You need to make requirements explicit and show where the user went wrong if the form is incorrect. While forms are probably the most important element on your site (it is the gateway to back-end), you need to be vigilant and prudent when designing and creating them so that they can be easy and effective to use.

With all that said and my word requirements met (sorry for the wall of text 😅), this form is one that is sleek and stylistic while still being functional. It will only utilize HTML and CSS for now with JavaScript coming later up, and I hope you enjoy this website created with ❤️!
